README.md, before:

# Strategy Game - MiniProject

![Game Screenshot](https://image.ibb.co/m3Fubd/Screenshot.png)

A pseudo 2D strategy game developed with Unity.

## Image References

- http://pixelartmaker.com/art/81589b4485c43c1

- https://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon/546785

- https://pixabay.com/en/power-energy-bolt-connector-jack-306141/

- http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/File:Power_plant_animation_1.gif

- http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/File:Allied_Barrack_animation_1.gif

- https://www.deviantart.com/mieshanovakov/art/Silhouette-of-soldier-544326919

- https://opengameart.org/content/animated-top-down-survivor-player

## Source Code References

- A* Algorithm: https://github.com/valantonini/AStar

- Unity MVC Pattern: https://bitbucket.org/eduardo_costa/thelab-unity-mvc/

## Licence

Copyright (C) 2018 Doğa Can YANIKOĞLU

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

## Contributing

Contributors are encouraged to fork this repository and issue pull requests.

Commit message:

Added features on README.md

README.md, after:

# Strategy Game - MiniProject

![Game Screenshot](https://image.ibb.co/m3Fubd/Screenshot.png)

A pseudo 2D strategy game developed with Unity.

## Features

- Camera can be dragged by holding down **Mouse Left Button**.

- Left panel can be scrolled down infinitely.

- Soldiers are using A* pathfinding algorithm. Pathfinding behaviour can be optimized from **model** object on scene.

- Barracks can spawn unlimited amount of soldiers if **EdgeLength** variable in model object is set to a big value. Spawned soldiers won't overlap other items on map.

- ...

## Image References

- http://pixelartmaker.com/art/81589b4485c43c1

- https://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon/546785

- https://pixabay.com/en/power-energy-bolt-connector-jack-306141/

- http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/File:Power_plant_animation_1.gif

- http://cnc.wikia.com/wiki/File:Allied_Barrack_animation_1.gif

- https://www.deviantart.com/mieshanovakov/art/Silhouette-of-soldier-544326919

- https://opengameart.org/content/animated-top-down-survivor-player

## Source Code References

- A* Algorithm: https://github.com/valantonini/AStar

- Unity MVC Pattern: https://bitbucket.org/eduardo_costa/thelab-unity-mvc/

## Licence

Copyright (C) 2018 Doğa Can YANIKOĞLU

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

## Contributing

Contributors are encouraged to fork this repository and issue pull requests.
